HOW WE BUILD THE TMETRIC Website?
Hi reader, you might have visited, read, or heard about the TMETRIC,
TMETRIC is a time tracking app that helps streamline your growing
 business for higher profits, satisfied clients and happier teams.
Time Tracking App For Running Business With Clarity .
For more information go to https://tmetric.com/


Moving on ahead, we, team Oxygen at masaischool.com developed the
Website on TMETRIC in just 3 days as a part of our curriculum’s Module 2
 project evaluation. This blog is all about what are all things we used? ,
 how we did it? , what challenges did we face? , and how we overcame those challenges?


TECHNOLOGY STACK WE USED
HTML
CSS
Javascript
Yes, I know what you might be thinking. How is it possible to
 make the Website with just 3 technologies. We’ll as we have just 
started our humble journey to learn full-stack web development at the
 Masai school, we just knew these technologies so far. But I hope
 you would really appreciate the amount of precision and the perfectness
 we have achieved. To know how we did it please keep reading.


HOW WE DID IT
Before answering the big question of “ how we did it? ”, let me show you
 some snippets of our website.

pic of home page
write landing page
sign_in_sign out page
dash board_time



I hope I am not overwhelming you with so many snippets. 
The snippets attached above are just some parts of what
 we have made so that you could compare them with the actual website.
Now answering the big question of how we did it,
 I would like to say that it is because of the guidance of our
 captain Abhishek Jain & the dedication towards making the website
 pixel perfect, I and my wonderful teammates had, 
we able to achieve our goal. As part of Masai school, we have always
 believed that communication and skills are greater than knowledge
 so it is because of effective communication and sheer will to understand
 complicated things and make them simple to understand,
 we were able to create the page with comparatively fewer resources.

We used the following resources for our help:

https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/
https://www.w3schools.com/
https://www.flaticon.com/
https://codepen.io/pen/